Add container scattering to Discus multiple scattering algorithm (#34203)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/algorithms/DiscusMultipleScatteringCorrection-v1.rst

A 1D coordinate is created which is the actual Q value added onto the maximum Q from the preceding :math:`\omega` row: :math:`Q'(Q,\omega_i) = Q + Q_{max}(\omega_{i-1})`
With this approach there is no interpolation performed between different :math:`\omega` values. It's not clear whether the importance sampling is useful for inelastic calculations since the area where the multiple scattering correction tends to be largest relative to the signal is away from the peak in :math:`S(Q, \omega)`.

Support for sample environment
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The calculation can include scattering from the sample environment (eg can) in the Monte Carlo simulation. The term "segment" has previously been used to refer to a straight neutron path between two scattering events. For the purpose of this description the term "link" will be used to refer to a subsection of a segment that lies within a single material.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The calculation can include scattering from the sample environment (e.g. can) in the Monte Carlo simulation. The term "segment" has previously been used to refer to a straight neutron path between two scattering events. For the purpose of this description the term "link" will be used to refer to a subsection of a segment that lies within a single material.
```

> The modified calculation is illustrated here with an example of a sample contained in a can where a track may contain three different links (can then sample then can). If the selected scatter point occurs somewhere in the third link, the quantity :math:`t_i` is redefined as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The modified calculation is illustrated here with an example of a sample contained in a can where a track may contain three different links (can, then sample, then can). If the selected scatter point occurs somewhere in the third link, the quantity :math:`t_i` is redefined as:
```
